Fix #3763: Docs - include the topic field in the address example with… (#3819)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/ref-address-example-topic-and-sub.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-managing-addresses.adoc

[id='ref-address-example-topic-and-sub-{context}']

> == Topic and Subscription Address Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Topic and subscription address example
```

> When using topics and subscriptions, the subscription references the topic to which it belongs using the `topic:` field, as illustrated below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using topics and subscriptions, the subscription references the topic to which it belongs using the `topic:` field, as shown in the following example.
```
